feat: convert pulsar example into a Go module (#872)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/modules/pulsar.md

# Apache Pulsar

Testcontainers can be used to automatically create [Apache Pulsar](https://pulsar.apache.org) containers without external services.

It's based on the official Apache Pulsar docker image, so it is recommended to read the [official guide](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/next/getting-started-docker/).

## Adding this module to your project dependencies

> Please run the following command to add the LocalStack module to your Go dependencies:

Author: ```suggestion
Please run the following command to add the Apache Pulsar module to your Go dependencies:
```

<!--codeinclude-->
[Create a Pulsar container with functions worker](../../modules/pulsar/pulsar_test.go) inside_block:withFunctionsWorker
<!--/codeinclude-->

### Pulsar Transactions

If you need to test Pulsar Transactions you can enable the transactions feature:

<!--codeinclude-->
[Create a Pulsar container with transactions](../../modules/pulsar/pulsar_test.go) inside_block:withTransactions
<!--/codeinclude-->

### Log consumers
If you need to collect the logs from the Pulsar container, you can add your own LogConsumer with the `WithLogConsumers` function, which accepts a variadic argument of LogConsumers.

<!--codeinclude-->
[Adding LogConsumers](../../modules/pulsar/pulsar_test.go) inside_block:withLogConsumers
<!--/codeinclude-->

An example of a LogConsumer could be the following:

<!--codeinclude-->
[Example LogConsumer](../../modules/pulsar/pulsar_test.go) inside_block:logConsumerForTesting
<!--/codeinclude-->

!!!warning
    You will need to explicitly stop the producer in your tests.

If you want to know more about LogConsumers, please check the [Following Container Logs](../features/follow_logs.md) documentation.

## Advanced configuration

> In the case you need a more advanced settings regarding the config, host config and endpoint settings Docker types, you can leverage the modifier functions that are available in

Author: ```suggestion
In the case you need a more advanced configuration regarding the config, host config and endpoint settings Docker types, you can leverage the modifier functions that are available in
```
